blog/2026/02-05-i-need-to-go-improvements.mdx, before:

---
title: Improving "I need to go"
description: How I learned color theory basics to remake my game's pixel art. Includes before/after comparisons, HSV techniques, and lessons on darkening colors for better game visuals.
slug: i-need-to-go-improvements
authors: problem-18-dev
tags:
  - game
  - learning
  - godot
keywords:
  - color theory tutorial
  - pixel art improvement
  - game art remake
  - 2d art beginner
  - hue saturation value
  - complementary colors
  - analogous colors
  - game design iteration
  - level design balance
  - indie game development
toc_max_heading_level: 4
---

My experience with learning 2D art, and especially animation was tough. It was a demotivating process that turned out to be very rewarding with patience, sleep and some mercy for myself. In turn, I am now very eager to learn more.

I remade "I need to go" not due to lesser feedback, but due to my own dissatisfaction and gentle need to keep my games up to a certain standard, even if they are just learning experiences.

Follow along through my process of realizing this, and further improving the game.

{/* truncate */}

### Release

Originally releasing the game felt unsatisfying, it felt low in energy, and it felt demotivating. My feelings towards the game weren't happy, and I didn't feel like I scored yet another win in this challenge of learning game development. Instead I felt like I rushed the project to get it out, due to some invisible time constraints or due to a subconscious need to finish it and move on to learn more and more.

As you can imagine, this lead to me skipping out on details, undervaluing testing, not applying the skills, knowledge and basics I had learned thus far. Even the stuff I was learning on the go wasn't utilized to the full potential at that time.

So I decided to take a break from rushing towards the next game. Instead, I told myself to take a break, breathe and let my brain process all that I had learned, and slowly apply it to the game. Fix it, review it, release it again.

All of that to say that I am now happy with where the game is, and I was, and still am genuinely happy to release it, and to know how much I have learned from this more challenging experience.

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/i_need_to_go_cover.png'
  alt='Cover art for I need to go with pixel art character and game title'
  width='50%'
/>

### Art

The art was decent for my first time, yet very lacking. Especially when it came to the color department.

I do not mean to bring myself down as it is only normal for my art to be or feel lacking. After all, I am but a beginner whose learning and experience has just begun. Yet when I originally released the game, I felt unsatisfied. Something within me just didn't feel good about releasing the game as it was. Not only that, but I received mostly negative feedback due to unresolved or undiscovered bugs, the art being too gray or too similar in color to other sprites.

The game actually didn't feel good to play for some, either. The general feeling of friends, family and you - was that it did not feel responsive, and sometimes unfair too.

#### Researching color theory

During my break, I spent more time researching and learning about color theory. I found [this excellent video by YouTuber Watt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hISJ2uflVCg) and he explained so clearly what some of the basic concepts are, and how to apply them to pixel art. A frustrating, yet rewarding process was to finally be able to make my own color palette and **not** be unhappy with it only 5 minutes after trying to use it.

I say "trying" because making a color palette was one thing, but then knowing when, how and where to utilize the colors from this palette was a whole other story. In essence, It took me time to learn the basics, and I remade as good as all the art in the game to be more consistent and easier on the eye.

##### Applying color theory

My favorite part so far is knowing how to darken and brighten colors so they better fit together. I used to think that darkening colors is just pushing the hue to a darker tone and that's that.

However, it's not! Yet the better way is actual pretty simple. I kept myself to this rule:
"Brighten colors by shifting the hue toward yellow, darken colors by shifting the hue toward blue. Adjust saturation and value accordingly."

<img
  src='/img/general/darkening_color.gif'
  alt='Animation showing how to darken colors by shifting hue toward blue, adjusting saturation and value'
  width='50%'
/>

#### Level design

I began with recreating tile map for the level. Not necessarily in quality of details, but in colors. Throughout my research, I learned about complementary and analogous colors, as well as HSV (Hue, Saturation, Vibrance). With the basics of that in my head, I began to see how to use them a bit more, and tried my best on the new tile map. The level is now an actual background, as is expected from this game. The colors pop, they portray what they need to, without striking you or taking attention away from the obstacles.

<div style={{ display: 'flex', gap: '4px' }}>
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/old_level_design.png'
    alt='Original level design with clashing colors'
    width='50%'
  />
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/new_level_design.png'
    alt='Improved level design with new color palette and better color work'
    width='50%'
  />
</div>

#### Obstacles

The obstacles have all received either a complete recreation, or some updates to better reflect what they are supposed to be. This can either be in coloring, minor details, or even size!

**Here's the cars getting a complete recreation:**

<div style={{ display: 'flex', gap: '4px' }}>
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/car_old.png'
    alt='Old car sprite - blocky pixel art with gray colors and lesser details'
    width='50%'
  />
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/car_new.png'
    alt='New car sprite - reworked design with preferable proportions and color work'
    width='50%'
  />
</div>
<br />

**The biker is now a responsible biker:**

<div style={{ display: 'flex', gap: '4px' }}>
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/biker_old.png'
    alt='Old biker sprite with gray colors and without helmet'
    width='50%'
  />
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/biker_new.png'
    alt='New biker sprite with better colors and helmet'
    width='50%'
  />
</div>
<br />

**The pedestrian received a color change:**

<div style={{ display: 'flex', gap: '4px' }}>
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/pedestrian_old.png'
    alt='Old pedestrian sprite with gray colors and without details'
    width='50%'
  />
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/pedestrian_new.png'
    alt='New pedestrian sprite with better colors that blend better with level design'
    width='50%'
  />
</div>
<br />

As you can hopefully see, the art is much more detailed. This improvement is the effect of letting my brain process what I had learned, and the practice I had put into it before that. Instead, I rushed through everything.

### Gameplay

The gameplay has more or less stayed the same. Biggest change from the original version was that I made the level more consistent.

#### Unfair level design

I didn't know how to make it work at first, and instead of being patient and letting some critical thinking happen through sleep or processing, I rushed. This caused the following issue:
Some lanes stretched more than how much distance per move the player made, causing them to have to move twice to get out of a lane.

This was very confusing to most players, and felt quite unfair too. The fix was to make the width of the lanes equal to the distance per move the player made.

#### Let's compare!

**Original:** notice how you need to make _more than two_ moves to get through two lanes.

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/gameplay_old.gif'
  alt='Original gameplay showing unfair lane sizing, player needs multiple moves to cross single lane'
  width='50%'
/>

**Improved:** notice how you need to make _only_ two moves to get through two lanes.

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/gameplay_new.gif'
  alt='Improved gameplay with fair lane sizing, one move crosses one lane exactly'
  width='50%'
/>

#### Obstacle spawning

A smaller yet crucial issue, I completely overestimated the average player's ability to understand how to play, and how unfair it is of me to make a level so or so difficult. A level that felt very easy to me, was a serious challenge for someone else.

- Too quick spawning of obstacles
- Not enough space between obstacles

On the other hand, more experienced players figured out the levels instantly and rushed through them. This was because **the obstacles were spawning at the same frequency, in the same location**. Quickly a pattern was to be found and so the level solved quickly.

I solved this by simplifying the spawning logic, and simply adjusting the speed of the obstacles, and their spawn position set off from different points of the x-axis.

### Conclusion

Without a doubt, getting the hang of the very basics of color theory and applying it was the most difficult task for me to tackle in this challenge so far. Gameplay balancing is tricky too, and definitely something to keep in mind for the next game.

All this to say that I actually learned so much in hindsight, and this motivates me a lot to keep pushing through the difficulty, to not let frustration allow me to rush or give up. The aftermath is always full of progress.

If you have any feedback or stories of your own to share, feel free to reach out on social media!

Thanks for reading! :heart:

---

### I want to read more!

It'd be my honor.

- **[I need to go released!](i-need-to-go-release)**: Play the game yourself!
- **[Development of "I need to go"](i-need-to-go-development)**: The smooth, the tough, and the ugly.
- **[About me and Problem 18](about-me-and-problem-18)**: Explanation of me and Problem 18!

Commit message:

feat: update preview image on metadat

blog/2026/02-05-i-need-to-go-improvements.mdx, after:

---
title: Improving "I need to go"
description: How I learned color theory basics to remake my game's pixel art. Includes before/after comparisons, HSV techniques, and lessons on darkening colors for better game visuals.
slug: i-need-to-go-improvements
authors: problem-18-dev
tags:
  - game
  - learning
  - godot
keywords:
  - color theory tutorial
  - pixel art improvement
  - game art remake
  - 2d art beginner
  - hue saturation value
  - complementary colors
  - analogous colors
  - game design iteration
  - level design balance
  - indie game development
toc_max_heading_level: 4
image: img/games/i-need-to-go/i_need_to_go_cover.png
---

My experience with learning 2D art, and especially animation was tough. It was a demotivating process that turned out to be very rewarding with patience, sleep and some mercy for myself. In turn, I am now very eager to learn more.

I remade "I need to go" not due to lesser feedback, but due to my own dissatisfaction and gentle need to keep my games up to a certain standard, even if they are just learning experiences.

Follow along through my process of realizing this, and further improving the game.

{/* truncate */}

### Release

Originally releasing the game felt unsatisfying, it felt low in energy, and it felt demotivating. My feelings towards the game weren't happy, and I didn't feel like I scored yet another win in this challenge of learning game development. Instead I felt like I rushed the project to get it out, due to some invisible time constraints or due to a subconscious need to finish it and move on to learn more and more.

As you can imagine, this lead to me skipping out on details, undervaluing testing, not applying the skills, knowledge and basics I had learned thus far. Even the stuff I was learning on the go wasn't utilized to the full potential at that time.

So I decided to take a break from rushing towards the next game. Instead, I told myself to take a break, breathe and let my brain process all that I had learned, and slowly apply it to the game. Fix it, review it, release it again.

All of that to say that I am now happy with where the game is, and I was, and still am genuinely happy to release it, and to know how much I have learned from this more challenging experience.

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/i_need_to_go_cover.png'
  alt='Cover art for I need to go with pixel art character and game title'
  width='50%'
/>

### Art

The art was decent for my first time, yet very lacking. Especially when it came to the color department.

I do not mean to bring myself down as it is only normal for my art to be or feel lacking. After all, I am but a beginner whose learning and experience has just begun. Yet when I originally released the game, I felt unsatisfied. Something within me just didn't feel good about releasing the game as it was. Not only that, but I received mostly negative feedback due to unresolved or undiscovered bugs, the art being too gray or too similar in color to other sprites.

The game actually didn't feel good to play for some, either. The general feeling of friends, family and you - was that it did not feel responsive, and sometimes unfair too.

#### Researching color theory

During my break, I spent more time researching and learning about color theory. I found [this excellent video by YouTuber Watt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hISJ2uflVCg) and he explained so clearly what some of the basic concepts are, and how to apply them to pixel art. A frustrating, yet rewarding process was to finally be able to make my own color palette and **not** be unhappy with it only 5 minutes after trying to use it.

I say "trying" because making a color palette was one thing, but then knowing when, how and where to utilize the colors from this palette was a whole other story. In essence, It took me time to learn the basics, and I remade as good as all the art in the game to be more consistent and easier on the eye.

##### Applying color theory

My favorite part so far is knowing how to darken and brighten colors so they better fit together. I used to think that darkening colors is just pushing the hue to a darker tone and that's that.

However, it's not! Yet the better way is actual pretty simple. I kept myself to this rule:
"Brighten colors by shifting the hue toward yellow, darken colors by shifting the hue toward blue. Adjust saturation and value accordingly."

<img
  src='/img/general/darkening_color.gif'
  alt='Animation showing how to darken colors by shifting hue toward blue, adjusting saturation and value'
  width='50%'
/>

#### Level design

I began with recreating tile map for the level. Not necessarily in quality of details, but in colors. Throughout my research, I learned about complementary and analogous colors, as well as HSV (Hue, Saturation, Vibrance). With the basics of that in my head, I began to see how to use them a bit more, and tried my best on the new tile map. The level is now an actual background, as is expected from this game. The colors pop, they portray what they need to, without striking you or taking attention away from the obstacles.

<div style={{ display: 'flex', gap: '4px' }}>
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/old_level_design.png'
    alt='Original level design with clashing colors'
    width='50%'
  />
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/new_level_design.png'
    alt='Improved level design with new color palette and better color work'
    width='50%'
  />
</div>

#### Obstacles

The obstacles have all received either a complete recreation, or some updates to better reflect what they are supposed to be. This can either be in coloring, minor details, or even size!

**Here's the cars getting a complete recreation:**

<div style={{ display: 'flex', gap: '4px' }}>
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/car_old.png'
    alt='Old car sprite - blocky pixel art with gray colors and lesser details'
    width='50%'
  />
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/car_new.png'
    alt='New car sprite - reworked design with preferable proportions and color work'
    width='50%'
  />
</div>
<br />

**The biker is now a responsible biker:**

<div style={{ display: 'flex', gap: '4px' }}>
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/biker_old.png'
    alt='Old biker sprite with gray colors and without helmet'
    width='50%'
  />
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/biker_new.png'
    alt='New biker sprite with better colors and helmet'
    width='50%'
  />
</div>
<br />

**The pedestrian received a color change:**

<div style={{ display: 'flex', gap: '4px' }}>
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/pedestrian_old.png'
    alt='Old pedestrian sprite with gray colors and without details'
    width='50%'
  />
  <img
    src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/pedestrian_new.png'
    alt='New pedestrian sprite with better colors that blend better with level design'
    width='50%'
  />
</div>
<br />

As you can hopefully see, the art is much more detailed. This improvement is the effect of letting my brain process what I had learned, and the practice I had put into it before that. Instead, I rushed through everything.

### Gameplay

The gameplay has more or less stayed the same. Biggest change from the original version was that I made the level more consistent.

#### Unfair level design

I didn't know how to make it work at first, and instead of being patient and letting some critical thinking happen through sleep or processing, I rushed. This caused the following issue:
Some lanes stretched more than how much distance per move the player made, causing them to have to move twice to get out of a lane.

This was very confusing to most players, and felt quite unfair too. The fix was to make the width of the lanes equal to the distance per move the player made.

#### Let's compare!

**Original:** notice how you need to make _more than two_ moves to get through two lanes.

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/gameplay_old.gif'
  alt='Original gameplay showing unfair lane sizing, player needs multiple moves to cross single lane'
  width='50%'
/>

**Improved:** notice how you need to make _only_ two moves to get through two lanes.

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/gameplay_new.gif'
  alt='Improved gameplay with fair lane sizing, one move crosses one lane exactly'
  width='50%'
/>

#### Obstacle spawning

A smaller yet crucial issue, I completely overestimated the average player's ability to understand how to play, and how unfair it is of me to make a level so or so difficult. A level that felt very easy to me, was a serious challenge for someone else.

- Too quick spawning of obstacles
- Not enough space between obstacles

On the other hand, more experienced players figured out the levels instantly and rushed through them. This was because **the obstacles were spawning at the same frequency, in the same location**. Quickly a pattern was to be found and so the level solved quickly.

I solved this by simplifying the spawning logic, and simply adjusting the speed of the obstacles, and their spawn position set off from different points of the x-axis.

### Conclusion

Without a doubt, getting the hang of the very basics of color theory and applying it was the most difficult task for me to tackle in this challenge so far. Gameplay balancing is tricky too, and definitely something to keep in mind for the next game.

All this to say that I actually learned so much in hindsight, and this motivates me a lot to keep pushing through the difficulty, to not let frustration allow me to rush or give up. The aftermath is always full of progress.

If you have any feedback or stories of your own to share, feel free to reach out on social media!

Thanks for reading! :heart:

---

### I want to read more!

It'd be my honor.

- **[I need to go released!](i-need-to-go-release)**: Play the game yourself!
- **[Development of "I need to go"](i-need-to-go-development)**: The smooth, the tough, and the ugly.
- **[About me and Problem 18](about-me-and-problem-18)**: Explanation of me and Problem 18!
