blog/2026/02-04-i-need-to-go.mdx, before:

---
title: I need to go released!
description: Play I need to go for free on itch.io, a Frogger-clone game where you dodge cars, bikers, and pedestrians to reach the urinal. Game 3/10 of the Problem 18 challenge.
slug: i-need-to-go-release
authors: problem-18-dev
tags:
  - game
  - announcement
keywords:
  - frogger clone release
  - indie game announcement
  - godot game release
  - arcade game
  - pixel art game
  - problem 18 games
  - i need to go game
  - itch.io game
  - game jam
  - retro arcade game
toc_max_heading_level: 4
---

I need to go is out!

Avoid cars, bikers and stay out of the pedestrians' path as you make your way to the urinal.. because you really need to go.

[Play it now on itch.io!](https://problem-18.itch.io/i-need-to-go)

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/i_need_to_go_cover.png'
  alt='Cover art for I need to go game showing pixel art character and game title'
  width='50%'
/>

{/* truncate */}

### What's the game?

It's an arcade game based on the [classic Frogger game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frogger). The player controls a frog which must avoid all kinds of obstacles, jump between them and navigate through moving trees floating on water to get to the other side. What's waiting there? A lilly pad. Five of those, actually. When the player manages to fill all 5 they win and/or proceed to the next level which is slightly more difficult.

"I need to go" is essentially a copy of this in terms of gameplay mechanics. You play as a man who really needs to pee, but the urinals are on the other side. You must jump between cars, eager bikers and last but far from least, pedestrians who are just glued to their phones.

#### Interesting theme you got there!

The theme came naturally. Everyone's been in that rush to find a toilet in emergency situations! The problem however was to bring this idea to life with pixel art and animations. This was my first time diving deep into both, and the result was a bit of a mess. I ended up essentially remaking the game.

[If you're curious, let me tell you all about it in the next post!](i-need-to-go-development)

### Let's play!

Enjoy the game and let me know what you think!

Thanks for playing! :heart:

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/gameplay_demo.gif'
  alt='Gameplay demonstration of I need to go showing player moving and dodging obstacles'
  width='70%'
/>

---

### I want to read more!

It'd be my honor.

- **[Development of "I need to go"](i-need-to-go-development)**: The smooth, the tough, and the ugly.
- **[Improving "I need to go"](i-need-to-go-improvements)**: Learning about color theory and comparing!
- **[TextureProgressBar issue in Godot](progress-texture-bar-issue)**: A tutorial on fixing a UI issue.

Commit message:

feat: update preview image on metadat

blog/2026/02-04-i-need-to-go.mdx, after:

---
title: I need to go released!
description: Play I need to go for free on itch.io, a Frogger-clone game where you dodge cars, bikers, and pedestrians to reach the urinal. Game 3/10 of the Problem 18 challenge.
slug: i-need-to-go-release
authors: problem-18-dev
tags:
  - game
  - announcement
keywords:
  - frogger clone release
  - indie game announcement
  - godot game release
  - arcade game
  - pixel art game
  - problem 18 games
  - i need to go game
  - itch.io game
  - game jam
  - retro arcade game
toc_max_heading_level: 4
image: img/games/i-need-to-go/i_need_to_go_cover.png
---

I need to go is out!

Avoid cars, bikers and stay out of the pedestrians' path as you make your way to the urinal.. because you really need to go.

[Play it now on itch.io!](https://problem-18.itch.io/i-need-to-go)

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/i_need_to_go_cover.png'
  alt='Cover art for I need to go game showing pixel art character and game title'
  width='50%'
/>

{/* truncate */}

### What's the game?

It's an arcade game based on the [classic Frogger game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frogger). The player controls a frog which must avoid all kinds of obstacles, jump between them and navigate through moving trees floating on water to get to the other side. What's waiting there? A lilly pad. Five of those, actually. When the player manages to fill all 5 they win and/or proceed to the next level which is slightly more difficult.

"I need to go" is essentially a copy of this in terms of gameplay mechanics. You play as a man who really needs to pee, but the urinals are on the other side. You must jump between cars, eager bikers and last but far from least, pedestrians who are just glued to their phones.

#### Interesting theme you got there!

The theme came naturally. Everyone's been in that rush to find a toilet in emergency situations! The problem however was to bring this idea to life with pixel art and animations. This was my first time diving deep into both, and the result was a bit of a mess. I ended up essentially remaking the game.

[If you're curious, let me tell you all about it in the next post!](i-need-to-go-development)

### Let's play!

Enjoy the game and let me know what you think!

Thanks for playing! :heart:

<img
  src='/img/games/i-need-to-go/gameplay_demo.gif'
  alt='Gameplay demonstration of I need to go showing player moving and dodging obstacles'
  width='70%'
/>

---

### I want to read more!

It'd be my honor.

- **[Development of "I need to go"](i-need-to-go-development)**: The smooth, the tough, and the ugly.
- **[Improving "I need to go"](i-need-to-go-improvements)**: Learning about color theory and comparing!
- **[TextureProgressBar issue in Godot](progress-texture-bar-issue)**: A tutorial on fixing a UI issue.
